.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Thank you very much for considering contributing to this project!

## Issue Tracker

### Bug Reports

Before creating bug reports, please check for any similar issues or
pull requests. If they are already opened, please participle in that one.

If no issues or pull requests that describe your problem exist, first try
[the troubleshooting steps](https://github.com/filips123/PWAsForFirefox/wiki/Troubleshooting).
If you cannot determine and fix the problem yourself, please open a new issue
and provide all the required information. If you were able to fix the problem, but
you think the same problem might happen to other users, please report it and
include your fix, so other users can find and fix it.

When you are creating a bug report, please include as many details as possible.
Fill out the required template, as that information will help us resolve it faster.

If you found a vulnerability or what you believe is a vulnerability, **do not**
open a public issue or disclose it publicly. Please read our [security policy](SECURITY.md)
for more details and steps for reporting it.

### Feature Requests

Before creating feature requests, please check for any similar issues or
pull requests. If they are already opened, please participle in that one.

If no issues or pull requests that describe your request exist, please
open a new issue with the correct template. Fill the template and describe
your request, as that information will help us implement it faster.

You can also submit a pull request with the implementation.

### Discussions

For general discussions, project ideas, and support/help questions, please use
[a discussions feature](https://github.com/filips123/PWAsForFirefox/discussions)
instead of the issue tracker. This will ensure the issue tracker stays clean,
so we can focus on fixing bugs and resolving feature requests.

## Pull Requests

When developing a bug fix or feature, please make sure your code adheres to
the code style and is properly linted. You can check the READMEs of the native
and extension parts for more details.

If possible, test your feature on all supported operating systems, and make
sure it works correctly. If developing a system integration, test it on multiple
desktop environments. Please also check existing features to make sure they
still work correctly.

When submitting a pull request, describe what have you done and which issues
have you fixed. Include as many useful details as possible, to make it possible
to review it quickly. If required, fix any additional requests.

Any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in this repository
shall be, unless specified otherwise, licensed under the Mozilla Public
License 2.0, without any additional terms or conditions. By using,
redistributing, or modifying it, you must agree to the license,
and the additional clauses provided [in the README file](../README.md#License).

## Translations

You can contribute translations on [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/firefoxpwa).
Please make sure you write your messages correctly and in a consistent style. If
you have any questions or suggestions, both for new and existing translations and
messages, please use Crowdin's discussions feature to communicate with others.

If your language is not yet available, please contact me on Crowdin.

*Note:* The localization feature is currently still work-in-progress, and not many
strings are available for translation. Proper localization is being worked on.
Please follow the Crowdin project for updates and new available messages.

<details>
  <summary>Expand localization status</summary>

[![Localization status](https://badges.awesome-crowdin.com/translation-13220281-466834.png)](https://crowdin.com/project/firefoxpwa)
</details>

## Code of Conduct

This project adheres to [the Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct/).
Please uphold this code and report unacceptable behavior to [projects@filips.si](mailto:projects@filips.si).

Commit message:

Update documentation and enhance guides
This commit adds the documentation for recently-added features, especially the auto launch settings, and documents remaining profile and web app properties.

Additionally, support guidelines have been updated, and a list of available donation services has been included in the documentation.

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Thank you very much for considering contributing to this project!

## Issue Tracker

### Bug Reports

If you are having problems with the project, please make sure that you have
read the documentation, especially [the FAQ page](TODO:-Link-to-the-faq-page).
Before creating bug reports, please also check for any similar issues or pull
requests. If any of them already exists, please participle in that one.

If you cannot determine and fix the problem yourself, please open a new issue
and provide all the required information. If you were able to fix the problem, but
you think the same problem might happen to other users, please report it and
include your fix, so other users can find and fix it.

When you are creating a bug report, please include as many details as possible.
Fill out the required template, as that information will help us resolve it faster.
[Our troubleshooting tasks](TODO:-Link-to-the-troubleshooting-page) can help you
geather logs and other useful information.

If you found a vulnerability or what you believe is a vulnerability, **do not**
open a public issue or disclose it publicly. Please read our [security policy](SECURITY.md)
for more details and steps for reporting it.

### Feature Requests

Before creating feature requests, please check for any similar issues or
pull requests. If they are already opened, please participle in that one.

If no issues or pull requests that describe your request exist, please
open a new issue with the correct template. Fill the template and describe
your request, as that information will help us implement it faster.

You can also submit a pull request with the implementation.

### Discussions

For general discussions, project ideas, and support/help questions, please use
[a discussions feature](https://github.com/filips123/PWAsForFirefox/discussions)
instead of the issue tracker. This will ensure the issue tracker stays clean,
so we can focus on fixing bugs and resolving feature requests.

## Pull Requests

When developing a bug fix or feature, please make sure your code adheres to
the code style and is properly linted. You can check the READMEs of the native
and extension parts for more details.

If possible, test your feature on all supported operating systems, and make
sure it works correctly. If developing a system integration, test it on multiple
desktop environments. Please also check existing features to make sure they
still work correctly.

When submitting a pull request, describe what have you done and which issues
have you fixed. Include as many useful details as possible, to make it possible
to review it quickly. If required, fix any additional requests.

Any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in this repository
shall be, unless specified otherwise, licensed under the Mozilla Public
License 2.0, without any additional terms or conditions. By using,
redistributing, or modifying it, you must agree to the license,
and the additional clauses provided [in the README file](../README.md#License).

## Translations

You can contribute translations on [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/firefoxpwa).
Please make sure you write your messages correctly and in a consistent style. If
you have any questions or suggestions, both for new and existing translations and
messages, please use Crowdin's discussions feature to communicate with others.

If your language is not yet available, please contact me on Crowdin.

*Note:* The localization feature is currently still work-in-progress, and not many
strings are available for translation. Proper localization is being worked on.
Please follow the Crowdin project for updates and new available messages.

<details>
  <summary>Expand localization status</summary>

[![Localization status](https://badges.awesome-crowdin.com/translation-13220281-466834.png)](https://crowdin.com/project/firefoxpwa)
</details>

## Code of Conduct

This project adheres to [the Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct/).
Please uphold this code and report unacceptable behavior to [projects@filips.si](mailto:projects@filips.si).
